add earthaccess to nasa ecosystem and tooling recommendations (#25)
NASA-IMPACT/virtual-stores-feasibility-report: nasa-ecosystem.qmd

## Discovery and integration with CMR

[ADDME]

## Integration with earthaccess

`earthaccess` currently supports data virtualization (via virtualizarr) that can be used to streamline the creation and access of virtual stores.
The current implementation allows end-users and data providers to generate a virtual store at scale with a single line of code:

```python
import earthaccess as ea

granules = ea.search_data(**params)

vds = ea.virtualize(granules, **virtualizarr_options)

# then we can persist the vds into kerchunk or icechunk
vds.virtualize.to_kerchunk(*args)
# or 
vds.virtualize.to_icechunk(*args)

```

This approach allows users to easily create virtual stores from their search results, and then persist those virtual stores without having to manually configure anything (I/O drivers and authentication).

> By using CMR search results we could for example, create tailored virtual stores e.g only certain files that meet certain criteria, seasonal datasets (by searching and including only data from a region or temporal range etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using CMR search results earthaccess enables creation of tailored virtual stores. Virtual stores can be created "on the fly" using only the subset of files that meet certain criteria. Use cases include creating seasonal and regional datasets.
```
